Requires Java 11

Run below command to run the script:
java -jar target/JonathanPortugal-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar

Output filename:
mrfFile.txt


The methodology is to get the eins from the file and then use the search by ein url to get the list of mrf urls.
I do this because the display names in the search by ein url seem to include the state code, which makes it easier to find the NY files
I do think there is room for improvement here, but I would need to do more research

For example:
It looks like "39B0" or "39F0" is in all of the display names for NY in-network returned in the ein lookup response
I haven't been able to check all of the names to be sure this pattern holds true
If this pattern is consistent, then we might be able to search for "39B0" and "39F0" in the urls of the index file
instead of getting the set of eins and using them to look up in the search by ein url
This also might allow us to avoid doing a look up by HIOS, but I need to confirm that this pattern holds true
for records that are have plan_type_id of HIOS

This took me about 1.5 hours to write

With my internet speeds, it would take close to 40 min to stream through the whole file.
I unfortunately did not have enough time to run this for the whole file, so I just ran it
for the first 100 unique eins in the file.

Trade offs:
I am looking for a list of EINs and then doing a look up. As mentioned earlier, I think
this could be improved by searching for "39B0" or "39F0" in the index file urls instead,
but I decided that using the lookup was better since I didn't have time to confirm if this
pattern was consistent.

I didn't consider cases where the plan_type_id was HIOS. I didn't have enough time to research this id type
I also felt like if I were to build on this script I would focus on investigating the "39B0" or "39F0" pattern

The script searches through the file for the EINs every time, but in theory this won't be changes.
If I were to stick with the EIN look up solution, then it might make sense to save the EINs
to a separate file and read from that file to do the EIN lookups.  We would still need to
check the index file for update EINs, but this could be a separate process.

There is a lot of opportunity to clean up the code. I was focusing more on investigation and
creating a working solution instead of writing extensible code since this was more of a POC script

